Now that we learned how we can output data and how we can react to events.
Let's also understand how we can actually conditionally output content.
So let's add this good old paragraph which says name updated we all go ahead and your examples and as
in the Alberich samples I only want to display this paragraph.
If we did change the name.
So if it isn't Max any more here therefore we can add a directive in react.
We didn't use directives.
In view we did Engler also has directives what are directives directives.
Just like in view are instructions commands you place in the dorm in angler's case.
This would be energy if energy is just a prefix de angler Pecka shoes for all build indirectness and
if directive or NGF is built in one and important we may use it because of this browser module.
As I said this module add some base functionality to start and run our app but also include some common
features we use in most apps.
The common directives like NGF are one of these features.
So with that we can add this.
Now we need to assign a value when we do this by adding an equal sign and then quotation marks.
And like in the event where we executed code between the quotation marks here we execute the code which
returns true or false in the end because that is what NGF needs.
True or False should it add it or not.
So here NGF should simply check if name is not equal to max which means we changed it because it is
equal to max initially.
So if it is not equal to max then is true.
So then name updated will be added and shown.
However it won't run like this.
There's one important thing we have to add.
The directive is named NGF.
But behind the scenes Anglo-Dutch some transformations with it.
So for this directive we need to add a start in the beginning to inform angular that this is a structural
directive structural directives are directives commands which change the structure of the DOM like here
it at purchase or detach element to and from the dorm.
So it changes the structure.
Therefore we need to add to store later.
We will also see directives which don't use the star and it should become clear then when we need it
and when we don't need it.
Basically it's just a handful or a couple of directives which need to start.
So with that let's save it and end you served still runs to recompiled us in the running app if I now
click Change name we see name updated here.
If we open the developer tools we can see something interesting.
Let's reload this app and let's inspect Max here and now see the part on the right here you'll see your
subparagraph.
Here's the button.
And in between we got this comment this comment basically is a hook for angular which tells it there
to eventually add something.
If I click Change name now you see the hook is still there but this paragraph is brand new.
It was just added and that is how angler does it just like you.
It really adds and removes elements to and from the dawn It doesn't make them invisible or something
like that.
So that's how we can use NGF to conditionally displays on content on our page.